Let's make mushroom heritage sake.
The heritage cell is Chinese food, which means that the ingredients are made by slicing the pot.
Minimizing seafood and meat from different temperatures at the present time
It is very wide in calories because it cooks .
With low calorie and short cooking time, you can enjoy delicious mushroom heritage 3 with handmade pen
I will make use of it.
With strips of beef marinated shrimp and I hold the stuff you see
There are mushrooms and famous people.
The color is beef, so I make it angled from the sky.
I 'm taking my hair off and using it as a shell.
At the middle of the shell
If you pull the dog slowly and pull it out , you can easily take out the store.
There is
Yes I feel the mushrooms are smooth because they are touched by hand .
Fresh mushrooms are not fresh.
Shiitake mushrooms will be torn by hand on a pole .
Just put all the strands of mushrooms in it.
Three mushroom and mushroom mushroom are slaughtered using 3 dongfu and curry
I can easily fall apart without looking different
Top mushrooms
It's a painful thing to do.
Cut and discard that part.
This line of chopsticks industry haejusigo nureusigo the woout part with your left hand
When you pull downward,
5 So Mr. strand is degraded strands
Now , let's combine the spices.
Hape's pre-prepared in the 2 cups of water
Please put the spices.
I put all the minutes
I put it well.
Oh, I'm ready now.
Should start early doeneundeyo it takes to make the socks Zhoushan liquor sauce pan
Cooking time is only 2 minutes
Oh, you put in a few fan years.
Put meat on top of it.
And put the mushrooms in bold order.
Put k mushrooms on top
This vivid sense not because splashing still looks full of great
now
Give me grape seed oil as a beginner .
Put some poultry salt in it to collect the flavor .
Give me a little water.
Well and covered, please heating
Start induction heating with induction 10 volts .
You can start.
When you start hearing the sounds are ohsyeodo open the lid on the saucepan
I see now naneunge Guinea earlier pre haphaedo mix well with some spice
Please put
And I will put more
Cover this and cover it again for a while.
Now will occur the phenomenon of shame, while steaming pot with a lid then started to climb
This'm this many
Turn off the lights. Then you mix it up.
Let's move it and mix it.
U
It has plaster performance in both stand rather than a spatula so that you can see one
When it clears, it mixes very well.
It is evenly mixed well to write
Yes now
If you look at mushrooms, it feels alive and alive .
The texture is so tasty that it looks ripe.
Now, let's put it in a bowl.
Well
U
Please keep it cool so that it does not flow .
Please put the juice with the concentration after this.
And
Before sharing the sound, make sure you share your wool
When you put it in this way , you can finish it with much better food .
Its hard to be off the thought had even dared to share in normal oxygen
I tried to make it so nice, simple and delicious using a small number of pens
Make sure you make it .